Hooks for VM migration plans (#291)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/adding-hook-crs-to-migration-plans-via-api.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * documentation/doc-Migration_Toolkit_for_Virtualization/master.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="adding-hook-crs-migration-plans-api_{context}"]
= Adding Hook CRs to a VM migration by using the {project-short} API

> You can add a `PreHook` or a `PostHook` Hook CR when you migrate an application from the command line by using the {project-full} API. A `PreHook` runs before a migration, a `PostHook`, after.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add a `PreHook` or a `PostHook` Hook CR when you migrate a virtual machine from the command line by using the {project-full} API. A `PreHook` runs before a migration, a `PostHook`, after.
```
